Update pets, quiet hours, heater, reservation procedure, solar (#250)
mitoc/website: _pages/rentals/intervale-manual.md

Intervale is not road-accessible. Therefore, we have an easement which gives us a Right of Way (RoW) to access our property. Our RoW passes by a pair of other homes and directly adjacent the property of a third. It is important that you follow all of the rules below regarding our RoW when you access our property. We must respect our neighbors at all times. Failure to follow these procedures constitutes trespassing.

> Because we are crossing the property of our neighbors, some of whom have their own pets, dogs and other animals are permitted only on a case by case basis and must be approved explicitly by the managers. Pets are generally discouraged on busy weekends (i.e. winterschool) and may be denied at the discretion of the manager based on cabin capacity or the comfort of others staying at the cabin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because we are crossing the property of our neighbors, some of whom have their own pets, dogs and other animals are permitted only on a case by case basis and must be approved explicitly by the managers. Pets are generally discouraged on busy weekends (e.g. Winter School) and may be denied at the discretion of the manager based on cabin capacity or the comfort of others staying at the cabin.
```
